Added Helm version note to SM Tutorial (#971)
aws-controllers-k8s/community: docs/content/docs/tutorials/sagemaker-example.md

  - Created an EKS cluster with Kubernetes version 1.16 or higher. 
  - AWS IAM permissions to create roles and attach policies to roles.
  - Installed the following tools on the client machine used to access your Kubernetes cluster:
    - [AWS CLI](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/install-cliv1.html) - A command line tool for interacting with AWS services. 
    - [kubectl](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/install-kubectl.html) - A command line tool for working with Kubernetes clusters. 
    - [eksctl](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/eksctl.html) - A command line tool for working with EKS clusters.
    - [yq](https://mikefarah.gitbook.io/yq) - A command line tool for YAML processing. (For Linux environments, use the [`wget` plain binary installation](https://mikefarah.gitbook.io/yq/#wget))
    - [Helm](https://helm.sh/docs/intro/install/) - A tool for installing and managing Kubernetes applications.

{{% hint type="warning" title="Use the correct Helm version" %}}

> Helm 3.7 will introduce breaking changes to this tutorial. Be sure to install a Helm version that is less than 3.7. Acceptable versions include 3.1, 3.2, 3.3, 3.4, 3.5, or 3.6. 

Reviewer: nit: 
```suggestion
Helm 3.7 introduced breaking changes to this tutorial. Be sure to install a Helm version that is less than 3.7. Acceptable versions include 3.1, 3.2, 3.3, 3.4, 3.5, or 3.6. 
```

Reviewer 2: shall we make this concise?
Be sure to install a Helm version that is less than 3.7 and greater than 3.0.

Author: The only hesitation I have with that is that people often skim quickly and I'd rather have people see the correct versions rather than the wrong versions (3.0 and 3.7).
